We are discussing one more problem where we check for a word which contains only digit no letters,
spaces or any other special characters.
Here we are going to create a pattern with anchors like Carrot and a dollar sign.
Let's declare a variable where there are all numbers.
The pattern we are going to define is, again, the anchor for the beginning, a dollar for the end.
And in between, in the squared bracket, I'm going to say 0 to 9 and plus quantifier for at least one
occurrence of the range.
Thus we get only numbers in this pattern.
You can try adding space or other characters in the string.
So now it says false, as not all the characters are numbers only or digits only in the string.